---
layout: post
title:  "Thank you"
date:   2018-01-20 20:40:00
categories: writing
image:  "pain.jpg"
imageDesc: "Thank you - Image from Pixabay.com"
---

Some time ago I lost a person. I <span class="underline">lost it because of my actions</span>, my materialistic vision of life and because of my words. This person was not (only) important from a human perspective but from a <span class="underline">spiritual</span> point of view. That person introduced me to the spiritual life, to the **universal love and the power of our positive thoughts**. And I lost it.

When my father died, I replaced the pain with hate and anger. Hate for religion, God, the world. Hate for every thing and every one. In some ways it worked for me, I promised myself that I would honour my father every moment of my life. Dad would have never made the **mistake** I did, never.

The pain I felt in this case was different, as I cannot feel anger or hate anymore, this pain comes directly from my heart. Every morning when I wake up and every night when I go to sleep I think to that person, to my actions and to words.

One of the first thing we learn when we enter in to living a spiritual life, in to meditation, is to let go the past. Let go our ego, and live in the present moment. Even thou I do this, or at least I try, I cannot take out the memories and, more important, the last words I heard from this person.

> Is like a knife that I have in my heart, it needs to stay there and touch me, every day. So that I can remember the person I was and the person I am now.

Sometimes I feel like the pain I have inside is too strong, I feel like I will not be able to survive it. I have no shame in write that I cried so many times, I prayed the Universe to help me to recover my mistake. Sometimes I dream of just meeting this person again, as coincidence, show the person I am now.

Life is weird and incredible at the same time. If this loss never happened to me, I would never be the person I am now. If things would have gone in the right way, I would have never felt the need to change, and never entered my new world of peace and love.

When you see the world, ***the physical world***, in such a materialistic way, you don't care to lose someone. The ego wins, tells you that is ok *"you can replace"* this person with someone else. New friends, new life, new places, new lovers, whatever.

But I cannot stop thinking to this person. I keep feeling the pain of my actions, my words, my behaviours, my past. Is hard to move on, is hard to take this pain away. I cannot change the past, I cannot go back. The only thing I can do is to live my life honouring the principle you taught me. ***Love, peace, faith, respect.***

> The price we pay for not taking total 100% responsibility for our life experience is that we cannot change it.

### Thank you.
